{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green61\blue204;\red0\green45\blue153;\red255\green39\blue18;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17460\viewh18540\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Double Exposure Generator 
\b0\fs36 \
Compatible with After Effects CS6 and higher versions.\
Creative tool for making double exposure videos with 3D faces and slow motion effect\
\
In the downloaded folder there are 2 project files.\

\b DE Generator Preview.aep
\b0 \
In this project file you can customize the preview scenes, change the fill and settings to make different styling and looks. There is also 1 empty scene in which you can put any images you like, some of your own or some from the package we have included with this project.\
\
All imagery and videos are licensed under CC0 so you can use them also for commercial work.\
Image and footage credits: www.Unsplash.com, www.Pixabay.com, www.Upicm.com, snapwiresnaps.tumblr.com, Pexels.com, Mmtstock.com, Jaymantri.com, Gratisography.com, Freenaturestock.com, Cupcake.com\
\
Music used in preview is http://audiojungle.net/item/come-home/9626625\
\

\b DE Generator.aep\

\b0 Here are 15 empty scenes with placeholders to fill in with your own images or with footage included in the package.\
\
We encourage you to play around with the tool. Combining the photos and videos included in this extensive package you can make endless number of different looks. Add to this your own images or video and you\'92ll have even more final imagery you can make with this.\
\
The fonts used are\
Judson by Daniel Johnson\
https://www.fontsquirrel.com/fonts/judson\
Helvetica Neue\
http://www.azfonts.net/load_font/helveticaneueltstd-lt.html\

\b \
There are 14 tutorials in the series to guide you through the steps using this tool.\

\b0 \

\b \cf2 1. Foreground / Tutorial 1 \
\cf0 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WRZjkIiMXPY&index=1&list=PLRmgSQqc0I-vHwrQW9Dh6fBPumppIJ4Gh"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WRZjkIiMXPY&index=1&list=PLRmgSQqc0I-vHwrQW9Dh6fBPumppIJ4Gh}}
\b0 \
\
1. Import your footage into 
\b My footage
\b0  folder\
2. Open 
\b Empty scene 30
\b0  folder\
3. Open 
\b FG placeholder 30
\b0 \
4. Drag your photo to this comp\
5. Change position and scale of the photo\
6. Create mask around the part you want to use as foreground with pen tool. I suggest to keep the RotoBezier mode checked, you can change the mask mode to bezier also after you have drawn the mask.\
7. Make sure your photo layer is selected and press 
\b M
\b0  twice fast, to reveal mask properties. It is good to put some feather to the mask, depending on the image size look for nice soft edge. You can also use mask expansion with negative value if the background starts to show after feathering.\
\
\

\b \cf2 2. Fill / Tutorial 2\
\cf0 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7lN1e6YLa3E&index=2&list=PLRmgSQqc0I-vHwrQW9Dh6fBPumppIJ4Gh"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7lN1e6YLa3E&index=2&list=PLRmgSQqc0I-vHwrQW9Dh6fBPumppIJ4Gh}}
\b0 \
\
1. Import your fill image or video into 
\b My footage
\b0  folder\
2. For fill you can always use images and videos that are included with this project. There are 274 photos and 18 videos in footage folder to use as fill. The photos are arranged in folders by theme for easier search.\
3. Open 2 composition windows so you can see the placement of your fill in Double exposure composition (
\b Scene base
\b0  comp). Lock one window in composition panel to show the 
\b Final scene
\b0  and make the changes in other comp. This way you can see your changes updating in 
\b Final scene
\b0 .\
4. Position and scale the fill image, rotate so you like the placement in double exposure image.\
You can also mask parts of fill image if you want to have empty space in fill (like a cut out or feathered out area).\
\
\

\b \cf2 3. Change the Double Exposure settings for foreground and fill / Tutorial 3\

\b0 \cf0 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bAnTCqel_Oc&list=PLRmgSQqc0I-vHwrQW9Dh6fBPumppIJ4Gh&index=3"}}{\fldrslt https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bAnTCqel_Oc&list=PLRmgSQqc0I-vHwrQW9Dh6fBPumppIJ4Gh&index=3}}\
\
1. In comp Scene 30 base select the first layer 
\b FG CONTROLS
\b0 .\
2. In Effect controls panel there are all the sliders for adjusting foreground settings. \
Adjust FG Opacity, FG Transition angle, FG Transition %, FG Feather\
3.  In comp Scene 30 base select the second layer FILL CONTROLS.\
4. In Effect controls panel there are all the sliders for adjusting FILL. Adjust FILL Opacity, FILL Transition angle, FILL Transition %, FILL Feather\
5. If the edge is showing click on layer and change the Simple choker value 1 step smaller or bigger\
\
\

\b \cf2 4. Changing blend modes / Tutorial 4\
\cf0 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d5h_kQkFVVA&list=PLRmgSQqc0I-vHwrQW9Dh6fBPumppIJ4Gh&index=4"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d5h_kQkFVVA&list=PLRmgSQqc0I-vHwrQW9Dh6fBPumppIJ4Gh&index=4}}
\b0 \
\
1. Change blend modes of FOREGROUND, FILL, LIGHT FILL, DARK FILL and BLEND FOREGROUND layers in 
\b Scene base
\b0  comp to make alternative looks.\
2. Change the order of layers in 
\b Scene base
\b0  comp to make alternative looks\
3. If there is a weird edge artifact, adjust 
\i Simple choker
\i0  values of each layer if needed after changing the layer order. \
4. Use dark and light fill for alternative looks. The controls are the same as for main fill, controls are in layer 
\b FILL CONTROLS
\b0  Effect controls panel\
5. Use 
\b BLEND FOREGROUND
\b0  layer if you want to show foreground image also from other side than the main reveal. This layer is separately controlled, so press T to adjust opacity and on Effect Controls panel change Linear wipe values to change what part it reveals.\
\
\

\b \cf2 5. Front texture and back texture  / Tutorial 5\

\b0 \cf0 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C2AWq2hXMrM&index=5&list=PLRmgSQqc0I-vHwrQW9Dh6fBPumppIJ4Gh"}}{\fldrslt https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C2AWq2hXMrM&index=5&list=PLRmgSQqc0I-vHwrQW9Dh6fBPumppIJ4Gh}}\
\
1. In Project panel there is folder 
\b TEXTURE IMAGES
\b0  where are 49 real life photos great to use as textures. You can use any other image as texture, also. Several aerial photos in 
\b FILL IMAGES/Aerial
\b0  folder are also great for texture. \
2. Back texture placement in 
\b Back texture
\b0  comp. Adjust Opacity of back texture on 
\b FX CONTROLS
\b0  layer controls\
3. Front texture placement in 
\b Front texture
\b0  comp. Adjust Opacity of front texture on 
\b FX CONTROLS
\b0  layer controls\
\
\

\b \cf2 6. Background light or dark, light streaks and dust particles / Tutorial 6\
\cf0 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W4wsez8ZmBY&index=6&list=PLRmgSQqc0I-vHwrQW9Dh6fBPumppIJ4Gh"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W4wsez8ZmBY&index=6&list=PLRmgSQqc0I-vHwrQW9Dh6fBPumppIJ4Gh}}
\b0 \
\
1. Light streaks opacity, color. Blend mode Add, use light colors. Controls are in 
\b FX CONTROLS
\b0  Effect controls panel.\
2. Dust particles opacity, color. Use dark colors.\
If you use Dark background, change dust particle color to light and change layer\'92s blend mode to Add so particles will be seen on the dark background.\
\
\

\b \cf3 7. Light and dark gradient, BW opacity / Tutorial 7\

\b0 \cf0 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dan32QYiofc&index=7&list=PLRmgSQqc0I-vHwrQW9Dh6fBPumppIJ4Gh"}}{\fldrslt https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dan32QYiofc&index=7&list=PLRmgSQqc0I-vHwrQW9Dh6fBPumppIJ4Gh}}\
\
1. Change both Gradient opacity in 
\b FX CONTROLS 
\b0 layer controls\
2. Change colors of both gradients in the respective layer\'92s Effects control panel, under Gradient ramp\
\
\

\b \cf2 8. Blur and text  / Tutorial 8\
\cf0 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2FIi8og4qzY&list=PLRmgSQqc0I-vHwrQW9Dh6fBPumppIJ4Gh&index=8"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2FIi8og4qzY&list=PLRmgSQqc0I-vHwrQW9Dh6fBPumppIJ4Gh&index=8}}\
\

\b0 1. Text checkbox. Animating text in 
\b Text
\b0  comp\
2. Blur amount is controlled on 
\b FX CONTROLS 
\b0 layer. Change 
\b Blur map
\b0  of the scene to change what areas are blurred.\
3. Changing blur map with gradient ramp\
\
\

\b \cf2 9. Choosing camera animation / Tutorial 9\

\b0 \cf0 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xKGHoGAqcdU&index=9&list=PLRmgSQqc0I-vHwrQW9Dh6fBPumppIJ4Gh"}}{\fldrslt https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xKGHoGAqcdU&index=9&list=PLRmgSQqc0I-vHwrQW9Dh6fBPumppIJ4Gh}}
\b \
\

\b0 1. Choose camera. There are 6 animated camera movements in every scene.\
2. Changing duration of camera animation or camera position keyframes. Keyframes are in the Null which is Camera\'92s parent layer. To reveal Null layers, click on Shy button in the upper part of timeline.\
Now select Null layers and press U to reveal keyframes. You can drag last keyframe to change the duration of camera movement.
\b \
\
\
\cf2 10. 3d effect displacement map presets / Tutorial 10\
\cf0 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xf8ZoY9EbRw&list=PLRmgSQqc0I-vHwrQW9Dh6fBPumppIJ4Gh&index=10"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xf8ZoY9EbRw&list=PLRmgSQqc0I-vHwrQW9Dh6fBPumppIJ4Gh&index=10}}
\b0 \
\
1. Introduction of displacement map presets\
2. In every map preset there is a 
\b CONTROLS
\b0  layer (first layer). Select it to see all the controls for map on Effect controls panel.\
3. For using 3d map preset, copy your masked foreground layer in comp FG placeholder and paste it to the preset\'92s FG placeholder you want to use. This way the scale and position of your foreground are the same which is critical to make a working map.
\b \

\b0 \
\

\b \cf2 11. Making 3d displacement map / Tutorial 11\
\cf0 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bNdP0_Jdohc&list=PLRmgSQqc0I-vHwrQW9Dh6fBPumppIJ4Gh&index=11"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bNdP0_Jdohc&list=PLRmgSQqc0I-vHwrQW9Dh6fBPumppIJ4Gh&index=11}}\
\

\b0 1. Example of using 
\b Map preset 45 LEFT\

\b0 2. When you have made the changes in the preset, test how well your map is working in this preset\'92s test comp. Change the displacement values on keyframes to smaller or bigger if needed (first layer). Suitable displacement values are different for different images. \
3. After your map is ready, \cf2 render it out\cf0 . You only need 1 frame duration. Format is 
\b jpg
\b0  or 
\b png
\b0  image.\
4. After rendering import your map image into project (folder 7 - FX ELEMENTS, subfolder Displacement maps) and place it into the respective Map comp. Map placeholder is always in the Scene folder, in subfolder Placeholders.
\b \

\b0 \
\

\b \cf2 12. Using displacement map / Tutorial 12\
\cf0 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xjFw95EEXWk&index=12&list=PLRmgSQqc0I-vHwrQW9Dh6fBPumppIJ4Gh"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xjFw95EEXWk&index=12&list=PLRmgSQqc0I-vHwrQW9Dh6fBPumppIJ4Gh}}\
\

\b0 1. Adding displacement, changing values suitable to your image. FG displaced, FILL displaced checkboxes use.\
2. If you want no 3d effect uncheck both displacement checkboxes (for FG and Fill)\
3. If you only want foreground 3D effect but the fill to stay at place, not distorted, check only FG displacement checkbox.\
4. If you want Foreground to have 3D effect and Fill to be projected as well, check both checkboxes.\
You can still animate Fill freely in Fill placeholder. Also you can use video as you like in any fill.\
\
\

\b \cf2 13. Parallax fill / Tutorial 13\
\cf0 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U7AfiPJZ3N8&index=13&list=PLRmgSQqc0I-vHwrQW9Dh6fBPumppIJ4Gh"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U7AfiPJZ3N8&index=13&list=PLRmgSQqc0I-vHwrQW9Dh6fBPumppIJ4Gh}}\
\

\b0 1. Images suitable for using parallax effect\
2. Place image in 
\b Fill placeholder
\b0 , centred\
3. Adjust grid in 
\b Parallax fill
\b0  comp in 
\b Grid CONTROLS
\b0  layer\
4.\cf4  Uncheck the 
\b Show grid
\b0  checkbox to hide grid\cf0 \
5. Animate your camera with 
\b Camera CONTROLS
\b0  layer\
6. In 
\b Scene base
\b0  comp check 
\b Parallax fill
\b0  option in 
\b FILL CONTROLS
\b0  layer\
7. Make 2 comp windows and lock 
\b Scene base
\b0  comp in 1 window.\
8. In comp 
\b Fill pre
\b0  adjust the position of 
\b Parallax fill
\b0  comp\
9. In final scene choose camera that fill strengthen the parallax fill movement  \
\
\

\b \cf2 14. Duration of scene / Tutorial 14\
\cf0 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pR2ae4Q-AkE&list=PLRmgSQqc0I-vHwrQW9Dh6fBPumppIJ4Gh&index=14"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pR2ae4Q-AkE&list=PLRmgSQqc0I-vHwrQW9Dh6fBPumppIJ4Gh&index=14}}\
\

\b0 1. In 
\b Scene final
\b0  comp change last camera keyframes time in Null which is the parent of Camera you use.\
2. In 
\b Scene base
\b0  comp on layer FG CONTROLS change last displacement keyframes time.\
3. If you have created new keyframes in any other comps, remember to make changes to the duration of animation there too. Maximum scene duration can be 10 seconds, as all comps are 10 seconds long.\
\
\
If you have any questions or need help, please don\'92t hesitate to contact us.\
We are here to help you.\
\
Also, if you have requests or ideas how we can make this tool better, we are interested in hearing your opinion.\
\
You can send us an e-mail to 
\b juicyhats@gmail.com
\b0 \
or contact us through our profile page {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://videohive.net/user/juicyhats"}}{\fldrslt http://videohive.net/user/juicyhats}}\
\

\b \
\

\b0 \
\

\b \

\b0 \
}